my life sweet this is JSI bffs the
second of the calls on monday after all
hands and go I PFS coming up next with
limb p2p all maybe about a train call
but right now JSI PFS which is going to
be chaired by the Honorable David TS
possibly also dignified choir um there
are notes in the etherpad if you haven't
time done before check it out and that's
pretty much it you have any questions
dropping banarsi but david diaz take it
away awesome um I ruined and so for this
week's call um we will like fold I'm
trying to find a window where
everybody's okay party's exhale like
will follow the natural like normal
process of like going to the agenda but
i will ask also like to try bringing
waffle as a gender setter for this
meeting we have been cleaning and
cleaning the waffle boards and like
basically i know all the issues
cataloging everything so right now I
twist from my perspective and of course
I I know all the project is going so I
might be more clear to me and like for
people that are hacking on Jesse PFS
everyday and other people but like the
long lists of issues are not gone and
like things that / milestone and like
just better okay so looking at the
agenda just giving a quick update from
what up in this last week and it's
pretty much on the same lines or what
Jeremy shared with everyone so we have
been like working really hard on getting
interrupt working there was a bunch of
issues that were found from second yo
multi-stream even the speedy
implementation which we thought we had
that no ground couple months ago on
tempests appeared run but as apparently
there was a episode thank you for
bringing it up Peter not take care and
we second notes for this meeting I want
to volunteer to take notes for this chat
any volunteers
um would someone like to take notes
squeeze Thank You Victor awesome thank
you did you take note taker just you say
yes okay awesome alright so speedy
there's like some frame messy friends
there so we were fool to think that like
our speedy implementations were super
nice and they were just against
themselves not no one against the other
but it's now fixed and we spend a lot of
hours there which we didn't plan for but
at least like that's now I think if you
want to check it out like if you go to
the gsbtp I PFS there is some example a
folder with examples there and if you
also go to go if you to peer and then
there's a fine examples folder there and
if you run those examples you'll see
like go and chess like dialing doing the
multi stream uncheck doing the second
you you can even like I have to buy the
debug logs and exceed though and check
happening it's all just working right um
cool one question where's the code of
the victim jsuis p2p i peep s the builds
that we have a whip it appear for I PFS
as a folder called examples no not that
code the speedy fix code fixes that you
needed to do it for speedy that was in
speedy stream so the doctor doctor came
in addition of speedy so go if you go to
slash stalker / PG stream right okay and
the I understood Jeremy saying that
he'll need to fix something on the
JavaScript side are they that for
speeding home okay not to our side we
fixed other things in multi stream and
also we improved a little bit of the
logs in multi stream if you now print
those logs they are like tags which act
makes it's so much nicer when you are
like opening
that doesn't have seen at the same time
to know which and checks the old to
which so yeah we we change almaty
screams pd in jess's although or it
seems so far and we know it has stated
finding anybody cool so nothing that
happened was that Victor freedo one and
all the other people novel Laden that
contribute to the pr that gets kept at
cat and basically those comments working
over this GV app and that's really
really good for the interop endeavor
because when we are doing interrupt we
really want to spawn to demons and
before we were able to like add files
and get files from Jesse PFS but because
the HTTP API endpoint was knock on wood
mean it like if you spawn the note then
you could not talk with a note to get
any thoughts and now thanks to like
everyone that was continuing to fer that
you can check on jesse bffs and
everything is working nicely and we can
merge that i was actually like just
getting ready to emerge at how much it
after the meetings andrew is it let's
cool it also unlocks the ability to get
the challenge tests and the mix my pesto
FSS to to run over Jessica fence and
this is a note especially for you free 0
because we talked about this last week
to enable us so you can enable that by
now cool another thing is pops up so we
got into these we peer-to-peer rabbit
hole of like getting me jobs working
because we are really what our main
focus was getting pops up in both lands
to interrupt so that demos like our act
like orbit can use it and like between
go and in tears without a problem re
right now have the pub some
implementation already the subscriptions
and publishing also there's the the
rebroadcast so if I know how much a
spoon other nodes and let no note
the notes that are interested on a
message blow rebroadcast and we also
have a tinkle time cash so we have like
a very long discussion of how to treat
the messages because like when you are
doing flooding in the network you don't
want to like retransmits the same
message two times because if you get
your Creator like an infinite loop and
you kill the network you basically
melted if i send a message to freedo and
then free essentially the same i said i
have to have a way to say oh I already
see this message actually it was way
even million i sent it but i need to
have a mechanism to drop it and after a
lot of review of like what other pub sub
systems and press even transport to me
tcp do what we decided that doing was a
kind cash so we buffer the packets that
we see for 30 seconds and if it is older
like we try to suppress the repeated
packets special to avoid replay attacks
by storing the last packets that passed
during 30 seconds of course if someone
grabs a very old packet packet that was
31 seconds ago and sends it again we are
going to rebroadcast it well but that's
like that's a different case where like
we just want to avoid for the first 30
seconds those loop set up and when i
send packets of something else to
another no I get back to me and this is
typically very fast and like if this
happens over 30 seconds and like
something is probably wrong and for that
there's other mechanisms but they will
not be injected for now on this pub sub
implementation that's what it so yeah
that's there I need to finish the pups
of implementation basically and to
subscribe be able to send a message for
them subscribe and like write more tests
just make sure that like everything is
like good pathology but it's looking
good like we can buy all to other peers
we can send the messages and they can be
propagated and then like as you it might
seem through dialogue
similarly and Victor I've been playing
with the pub sub on quite PFS and I like
getting that working with orbit and it's
knesset cool ok so I wanted on the first
all ends and we have like some big
focuses for this week and then we're
getting like the pups have done like
they're saying ok stamp it merge it real
is it it's done people can use it the
author team is getting bit sloppy drop
one of the things that was added from
the first version of pub sub was let me
check my time ok to the minutes perfect
then from the first version of cobb
salad was created last Friday was an
idea of a topic descriptor and a topic
descriptor if you haven't read the pups
and notes on the wii p2p repo I positive
if you are interested of course but the
topping the scripture is the thing that
it's kind of like the signal block that
gets posted to the network and that
other nodes will be able to find it and
co like for this topic these are they
know that are allowed to publish it's a
way to avoid like if I want to publish
on another topic it's a way for me to
avoid having someone which is not
poaching a little topic and like
floating my feet with messages that are
malicious that are not from the
authorized publishers so and 24 depth to
work for us to get that block that will
tell us which notes to connect to to get
to the messages we need to get the
interop at the top level so we need to
be able to exchange files exchange box
between jazzy bffs nodes and go get fast
notes as you know Jessica first connect
change box with itself no we were just
at the first notes that's how orbits lot
we p2p has been working so far we didn't
have interrupt because the missing sakai
0 which on the problem anymore we know
we can I oh we know we can allow on
pressed words Oh me and generally we're
doing tests yesterday oh my darling
between ago I PFS know them just be
first note that was perfectly and the
one please get self but the block never
gets much work or it doesn't even like I
don't even adjust it if s doesn't even
acknowledge that it received a block
I'll do go i professed tries to send it
so we need to fix that in order to get
to the topic descriptor which is going
to be this object that's going to enable
us to find the authorized publishers or
perks oh cool one of information again
check the pub some notes but that's like
why Pete swapping crop is such a big
focus for this way cool alright so let's
open a waffle and go to item by item and
see what everyone is doing and if they
are blocked with something or if needed
you how um so far any questions or does
someone want to share something say
something no I I do have a question
regarding the interface in jsf FS APR
mmhmm yeah a pop song so there are two
different ways we can do it so either we
are receiving a stream with the data
what you're subscribing in the car back
more we just something we saw directly
there bull is it worth it to actually
stream it so if you are if my gamma 2.1
is just doing the stream way like four
things that are infinite like that we
don't know when they are going to end we
just yahoo display which is like what
vlog is doing if that's the best thing
taking like there is some limits on the
message size in the network approach so
so it's not gonna be infinite to voice
I'm sorry maybe I didn't get your
question right so what are they exactly
so let me show you my example if you if
you see my screen yeah yeah
rightly so here we are subscribing to
our vessel yeah it we are returning a
stream or maybe we just started off the
record but then like so it's going to be
a field not a second example it's gonna
be many men yes many messages yeah so
the thing is over here right feed that
you're talking yeah so also note that
like you have to have a way to say i
don't i'm not i don't want this feed
anymore somehow right otherwise you are
going to ever open connection to God
defense forever young yeah on that note
I want to mention something we talked
about this before that the way I PFS log
tail is being done currently is bad just
opening a long-running HTTP connection
and just not closing it ever until the
client roses yeah it's super tricky some
brothers can't even just close this
thing unless you kill the page and see a
few so I'm really not a big fan of
adding such a major API using such a
lacking way of doing things like even
yeah Hollywood bigger pulling like
pagination or even like having web
sockets for that any wooden plans um I'm
not sure with you I like to join the
conversation here perfect okay I can
open up a shoe or discuss it okay okay
which is what I was gonna say so you can
like listen to this part which is in
order to have a streaming pub/sub feet
it would be very useful for the people
that are doing the browser clients to
have something better than opening a
like a socket forever and getting like a
web sockets endpoint for that or even
like pagination somehow like if we
finish imagination for 14
or like being able to say I want 10 more
events I want to stand more things I
won't like some more appalling right are
appalling anything not a long-standing
HTTP request yeah like web sockets for
the API yeah what that was it that's one
option by when yeah exactly the toy I
was like pulling you in because that
might not be a thing that happens this
week now yeah so I'm so not don't even
consider it did you yeah yeah yeahs in
the man from from my side this is not
just thing I like that needs to happen
now I just make sure we don't get stuck
with this because like yeah all this
work now like oh let's leave it which
log tail is still there yeah not hmm
definitely as we know actually the API
has to be revisited specially for those
things for this okay open an issue Peter
and I quite tried to get to what is the
best solution now and get that done and
then make sure that like that discussion
keeps up until we revisit hppa ok let's
go to waffles then who can you go to
wobble all right so if you are of the
waffle board open you can see the mouse
on one is to meet if you want you can
actually share your screen with a waffle
board and we can see what you're looking
at as you're going through it he's
through thank you okay there you go
you see I my mom's himself all right yep
so you see from one cover session at ya
me Emily Matt and Jeremy we like I know
the process management process doc it's
almost finished but I could kind of like
converts to agree on leaving an inbox in
the backlog the inbox is just like
everything that gets all puttin on get
up repos I kept dropping the inbox
automatically by waffle but the Black
Hawk is like oh I need to do these
things but they're not exactly part of
the milestone like leaving them hanging
on inbox is like very cognitive resource
consuming because I call like if I
process this ya know like ways up right
so like now we have a buy call was like
yeah this has to happen doesn't have
trap now gonna priority can become a
priority but at which we have looked at
it and when we kind of like digest it a
little bit and then we are saving it for
later when you leave so now we have the
columns you can see that milestone one
is like done mausam to is like again the
quality and correctness and they have a
bunch of issues here and let's go one by
one and just like say what it is and
what's the side of it good cool so first
one as the good face client to the
except content from a functional in and
did you attend to check that no a little
okay do you plan to do it this week or
right now looking at the the pro shop
stuff come on Joe it hop out with some
pissed off and then I i started working
on the second one the Phi Scouts okay we
the sub force stuff the cats stuff
should be ready at this point to be
borscht I think okay nice okay so i
probably marked after merging the fix
for heb eight points is in a modern air
or no they are they shouldn't be
independently
basically the cat Tosh is just fixing
like the argument stuff ok so i will
kind of changes quickly or yes nice i'll
do the review and merchant cool yeah so
capture files you are you working on
it's fun yeah yeah i started working
with based on what you guys auto so it
will be a separate like result module to
figure out which would be the correct
hash to actually killed okay yeah sweet
um yeah the resolver right by getting
the resolver to happen which if you saw
that she logged nicola alpha want a
resolver for IPL d 0 by falling the same
idea why having a separate module just
for that so I kept to give a deck
surface and like a past and it resolves
you might want to hook to do that for
IPO dsl not doesn't have to be at the
same time but it will be the same idea
be is over already it's exists that
that's done but that's not a thing that
needs to be written a true Toria like so
do we need to break that into a separate
module yeah I will work with Nicola to
to break that out I'm not sure it's not
it but you work on that but the eye
peeled ear is over already exists I
wrote that a while back oh alright
accessorize and just resolves against it
awesome thank you um cool okay so there
is like one issue here about like
assumption about you need dog caches
this was like wire that open it is we
have some tests that assume that I go I
PFS people will come with a set of files
and we did that in the beginning because
it was just like easiest way or just
like copyright because people and put it
on tests and like two tests over it but
like windows default tests change for
example ours added the gpg key for the
need dogs then the ashes changing brakes
it so what they need to do here is
basically add the file
like we have we have together the abbot
and where we have failed to do this like
often and we are kind of getting better
now at it it's like each time we write a
file with tests this setup should be
part of the test as well like any
assumption that we have that like there
is like set up scripts for tests or
assumptions of what already there is or
even like the ports that the desk you do
you like to be always like 40 and I quit
with the program I get a random Porter
back we don't get those errors of like a
party already being used we should move
towards that and moving towards that
will also enables us to move faster with
the development because we will be able
to do test just like a small set or run
just a small set of the tests for the
specific features that we are changing
otherwise we are always running the
whole thing and it's computing and
cumbersome and need to improve on it so
yeah I will look at this after DEFCON
benchmarks so we don't now with the
interface technical score files I pfff
api test we are merged you can do this
it's not right you can submerge it
technically I think but yeah it's kind
of yeah it's coming okay it's real so I
will do this after bit swamp so i will
first work on this walk and enter up um
i will also yeah do a little bit off
investigation around sick i oh and speed
things and then i will do the benchmark
script as described in that issue to use
the go I PFS benchmarks um saying that
dry me road I PFS whatever against jsap
yes proposing your name it's complete
kinda yeah I'm gonna ask Jeremy if he's
up for naming it um yeah is that for a
really nice sure um cool okay next time
we have six minutes let's go to these so
the next one is in the physical score
tests for the Swami PL and these
basically you can see my mouth right so
it's an pointing here you can like this
basically it needs the support trial to
multi Allah with all the PID
it's like the the last piece that it's
required because before we always
expected for a multi other to have like
a fashion piece s fashion ID and you
like white defenses in debt because it
cannot extract it from the second check
and now we have also have that we can
like add this featuring Victoria's
anilingus but I in terms of like
priority and specially for defcon things
this is on a prairie for this Vic tutor
so like like if you are if you are busy
with pops up keep being busy with tufts
up that's my work so so yeah this
interface official scorers test for
files API is a pull request that we keep
mentioning going to merge it today I'm
going to add this myself here and yes
click the button to move everyone look
like see I border I'm not sure if you
hear Jenny sorry it was just ok is green
man yeah I need okay interrupt tasks so
internal tests and we have scripts to
that we can run to get interrupt the
interrupt test ideas like to get
something that we can use to run on TI
and that requires like builds of this
thing so that like the CI can fetch the
right build for the architecture it's
compiled language so we will not do that
this week because it's not important or
not super urgent to see see I running
our tests we do have to ever be po and
like I think the best way I like from
all the discussions I've been having
with fun journey Friedel is getting a
repo with even like a bash script that
like pull the modules compels everything
there and I like grunge it so that we
can have that repo let me know how to
compile stuff to run on CI because if
each time we need we do interop we need
to create like builds for the things
that we are building it gets very
expensive but again not urgent for
destroyed there is this go I PFS
sometimes close the screen preemptive
Lee not sure if you have checked
again this is a bug on adding files that
old oh yeah another browser Jeremy still
looking at that but yeah as another time
to test it more and also not urgent for
this week I hope and I see but this
there is these go ahead Peter would it
be possible to have like a label for the
most important thing or like Adam in the
top or some sort of so should we like
ever I can sprint play ball so that like
psycho this is the hardest cream it
would be super gas like a label like
happening this week or something like
that yeah yeah I got three right this
week you know I like that um one or two
Lego little so I can i add like levels
here cause you know i have to click
begin so to clarify with that that's
what the ready pile is often used for so
that you're ready the things that are
marked is ready are the things that will
that are like eminently about to be
worked on as opposed to stuff that's in
your backlog which is like we'll get to
that soon but it's not the stuff we're
working on this print or in the Nelson
but that's yeah I'm not just as a way of
ready to ship rather than ready to be
worked on no no for me to die so that is
like I mean we don't need to derail into
that conversation I just wanted to throw
that and I'll I'll follow up with more
reference info all right yeah two
minutes okay so this is a commutation
too extreme and get stream or it is
abomination no it is writing perish this
is aspect change so yes is or can move
squad of milestone two because this is a
longer discussion around how to do to
get the different different types of
streams into interface IP the score and
so this will go like to developer
experience kind of stuff yeah let's put
that to milestone for
there is the council requests this is
like a very long discussion that needs a
bike shining we are not saying that we
are going to finish this in this quarter
or in this milestone it's just like
something that needs to happen the
discussion is swapping right now or
starting we need to start like
discussing it's right now because it's
very big deal for the whole project but
there is no clear way to nail this down
but we don't have we don't know how much
time we duel deck we just need to keep
like researching or to the principal
request things to find a way that gets
has very excited again not urgent but
definitely pay attention to that like I
roll that's doing the JavaScript inked
pay attention to this trap and like
bring your input if you have cool so
Charlie's tests I have this year unlike
it is likely ideas like running channel
says that go edifice has over Jessica
this crease cool were started working on
it but he's all pretty busy with
conferences and stuff so not sure if
this is going to happen what me think
him and I checked oh the fellow is to
help us or now and then there is like
the remaining definition of the specs
victorious anointed ht1 and MF s 1 this
name API might come after um and again
it's like defining the spec and like
pouring the test from Jeff activist API
and bringing it to the interpreter score
there is this just a bitter sweet talk
which is what we said this week it's a
priority waddup slices here and i got
like two any second um okay mad now we
are I'm sorry okay you can check so a
lot of these issues here are like
related with with the things that we
already discussed so yeah does everyone
as a clear picture of what they should
be focused this week does anyone as a
question 11 cool okay awesome it was a
good call maybe we have like 10 minutes
for be awesome but we don't it's good to
appear to be high thank you everyone
nothing going to even leave